issue-3260: Clarify a few points on Development Documentation. (#3261)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/contributing/devguide.md

Before you start developing with Gateway API, we'd recommend having the
following prerequisites installed:

> * [Kind](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kind): This is a standalone local Kubernetes cluster. It requires either [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) or [Podman](https://podman.io/docs/installation) installed.

Author: Yes, it should offer more options than Docker and Podman, but might the term "container runtime" be too broad? Some people might consider installing LXC as well. Additionally, it currently only supports [containerd](https://containerd.io/) [1], and even Podman has a lot of restrictions [2].

[1]. https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/design/principles/#target-cri-functionality 
[2]. https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind/issues/154

cd gateway-api
```

This project works with Go modules; you can choose to setup your environment
outside $GOPATH as well.

### Build the code

> To build the code, it needs `shasum`. On Fedora and RHEL, this command is called sha1sum. 

Reviewer: It's not a huge deal, but this isn't accurate: the `sha1sum` command on Linux systems like Fedora and RHEL is part of the `coreutils` and is a binary for computing and checking SHA1 message digests. The `shasum` command on the other hand is part of the `perl-digest-SHA` package, and is not a binary but a [Perl](https://www.perl.org/) script which can handle multiple kinds of digests.

However you are right that it's kinda a "surprise" dependency. I would recommend you document the need for it and the explicit ways in which it can be installed at least for the systems you are familiar with: others can come along and document other systems they know later.

Author: @shaneutt Thanks for the review. Yes, that's right. I will change this shortly.

([example](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/707b8b6efd1691b84095c9f995f2c259244e276c/staging/src/k8s.io/api/core/v1/types.go#L4444-L4445))
ensuring the field name will not be reused.

### Deploy the code

Use the following command to deploy CRDs to the pre-existing `Kind` cluster.

```shell
make crd
```

Use the following command to check if the CRDs have been deployed.

```shell
kubectl get crds
```

### Manual Test

> Install a gateway controller and test out the change. Take a look at some 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install a [gateway API implementation](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/implementations/) and test out the change. Take a look at some 
```
